when redditor cinam Minon posted that
his soon Tobe ex-wife flight tested his
gaming PC from their third party balcony
I knew I had to step in not to fix their
relationship that is way above my pay
grade but rather to see if anything from
the ruined rig could be salvaged I also
saw an opportunity to do a bit of
Investigation see I've seen my fair
share of damaged PCS and I've also seen
my fair share of Internet sub
stories and when I saw the single
picture that he posted of the aftermath
it definitely raised some questions for
me you guys see this right around the
edges of the frame the case itself
doesn't appear to be that mangled
compared to the damage that we're seeing
inside so I think there's a possibility
that cinnam is more of a
CRI trying to capitalize on internet
charity to get a new pc a ploy that is
already worked if indeed it is a ploy
star Forge sent him a pretty Nic looking
system to replace this one so all that's
left is to see just how much water his
story holds and to find out what if
anything can be salvaged from this
wreckage oh look at this there's one
thing that survived the impact this
segue to our sponsor Jawa offset the
cost of your new pc upgrade by trading
in your old GPU or CPU to Jawa check out
their Link in the video description and
use code trade up 10 to get an
additional $10 on top of your base offer
obviously my first question is why I
mean clearly there are some relationship
problems or a she wouldn't be a soon
Tobe exwife and B his PC would still be
in one piece but what's the specifics of
the story here well what he told us is
he approached his wife about getting a
divorce and said basically that all he
wanted was the PC that was the wrong
thing to say and yada yada yada PC flies
off the third floor and into the ground
okay well obviously nothing's going to
go great from that height but
surprisingly as I mentioned before the
case after touching some grass is in
pretty good condition now he claims he
has done nothing to the PC since then
other than pack it up and ship it to us
which by the way was not a simple matter
DHL was not cool about shipping broken
Hardware they've seen this movie before
and don't want to be involved they've
had situations in the past where people
have intentionally shipped broken stuff
and then tried to come back and claim
damages and get the insurance money
right okay well enough Ado let's do this
all right get it that was
terrible
AA where did this come from uh Lithuania
oh Lord how much did we pay to get
broken computer parts here probably too
much oh that's not a good sign the wrong
angle yeah he worked as a tech before so
you can take his word for it not
scientist but you not supposed to go in
there like that oh hey he wrote a little
note for us oh yeah good luck do not
check the homework folder yeah yeah yeah
I I I get it I that is one thing he's
legitimately hoping to get back is some
of the data that's on the drive here
which before looking at it I think is a
pretty good chance your face there's all
kinds of stuff falling at the bottom
here your face does not indicate
agreement not so much well honestly I
think the drive is probably
okay but we'll see oh jeez maybe not I'm
feeling a little better about his story
dirt was involved uh-huh I think we can
both agree it probably did get thrown
off a balcony yeah I would agree with
that what it looks like happened was a
lot of the impact was born right here
and went kind of straight into this
vertical piece so it didn't deform as
much as if it had well a hit concrete
yeah or B hit a corner that was not as
enforced this this glass this is glass
too that's a miracle that that survived
like if it had hit this side first oh
these feet are just gone gone well that
makes sense right because if it hit here
and then tumbled yeah then who knows
right all bets are off the fact that the
glass is still intact dude the last time
we looked at one of these systems we
managed to salvage a surprising amount
of stuff from it I don't think we're
going to have the same kind of luck
that's not a good bend one thing that
gives me a little bit of Hope for maybe
the motherboard maybe is that it's not
full-sized ATX it's matx so even though
this tray is bent the motherboard itself
is not not quite that bad you know what
I'm betting that power supply is still
good it's just kind of barely mangled I
think the power supply stands a chance
too but I haven't looked at the other
side yet yeah we probably
should no put put it
back your sure it didn't come from Italy
I don't get
[Music]
it
oh wow how did that cooler bend that
much it's got a lot of inertia and heat
pipes right like you can you can bend
them by hand that's true six at a time
or whatever that wouldn't be easy but
the number of G's that this was under
yeah it's a lot wow it broke the uh
Power
connectors what oh no way
I've never seen that one before I've
seen PCI slots ripped apart I've seen
actually I've never seen a card this
mangled but I've seen coolers like this
I have never seen the inside of the pcie
power connector broken I want to get
this power supply out okay the Peel's
still on it oh yeah it's like new post
this on Facebook Marketplace Peel's
still on yeah can you imagine how mad
she she must have been to do this I got
to wonder bro there's always two sides
to every story yeah what did you do I
mean maybe you did nothing maybe like
you never know you never know but maybe
you were the like saint of love and
kindness in this relationship but she
clearly was not into that all right
power button hit it I mean the lights
turned on that's a good sign just
because the system fires up though
that's true does not mean that this fan
for example will still spin within the
mangled frame you can see she ain't she
ain't true anymore so we're playing some
Crisis 3 here boys and I don't see that
fan moving Jordan it twitch dude I
believe you but this is totally cool
still though so I don't see it mov it
doesn't need to
move smells
fine wow okay oh yeah you're definitely
doing some work now I think I'm ready to
call this a pass yeah that seems to be
fine I just got a power supply for the
low price of what we pay 200 bucks
is all right let's see if I got anything
else let's look at the cooler here next
sure even if the cooler survived would I
really want to use it now well that's
only a month old as a matter of fact
really he was having trouble I was kind
of doing some deep dive on his Reddit
here and he was having trouble with heat
and they recommended he get this new
cooler for his CPU it may have fixed the
problem but uh he ran into some other
trouble that's still good you can bend
that back should we try stick it in the
vice or something or like
yeah that's not good anymore oh she's
Twisted brother she's Twisted no no no
no I believe we can fix this I believe
we can fix this we're going to the
workshop all right which way am I going
you're lifting up
okay oh look at
that
okay I mean it's getting better it's an
improvement
oh buddy oh oh there we
go
ah I say we put it on our bench I think
she's going to work just fine while
Jordan's salvaging the brackets I
realized we left our game running so all
I got to do is fire up Hardware info and
we can get a before temp with an AMD
stock cooler because at the end of the
day just because it functions at all
doesn't mean it's worth installing if
it's no better than the stock cooler so
right now we're running at 44 with a
maximum of 48 let's see if this does any
better I need some fans right well I
have this one okay she's a little
unbalanced hold on maybe we can fix that
though so all we have to do is give her
the
old
amputation there all right if you didn't
look that close you'd think oh yeah they
bent some fins when they were installing
it dude she's looking good beautiful
she's looking good
that one's less beautiful you won't when
she's in motion you won't even see it oh
dude I'm stoked I'm stoked on this I
think I I think I got a $200 power
supply cooler bundle there you go that's
pretty good maybe more maybe get some
Ram oh dude wow oh dude we're like yeah
all right we fixed the cooler we're
Geniuses well I agree with you on one of
those points which
one I'll leave it you to decide all
right I want to see his CPU all right oo
5600 x yep dude if I got a free 5600 x
and a power supply and a cooler this is
starting to look like a pretty good
value yeah what's a 5600 x worth these
days got to be like at least 80 bucks
dude dude the yeah these are worth like
70 80 bucks I'm feeling pretty good
right about now should we go for Ram at
the same time let's go for Ram at the
same time I think it's a pretty safe bet
nothing touched it it doesn't have a
scratch on it I say this Ram Works what
do we get all right 32 gigs dude the
manufacturing date on this is October of
last year this is only one year old
memory it's probably newer than ours
ours is from January this year oh well
okay got them give me my odds on the
motherboard
50/50
50% you saw the state of that thing that
GPU got ripped out of it brother look at
it now though man it's like it's pretty
flat got it now yeah it's kind of like
uh like there's some pin damage and
stuff here but it's not like it's bad
it's like seeing a dead person and they
just kind of look Serene like they're
sleeping you know oh no no I think we
might be done Bud oh no yeah we're
screwed never mind well we're going to
try it anyway we're going to try it
anyway but that's up okay CPU and RAM
confirmed good jeez I got a deal buddy
oh my goodness this screw oh wow that's
really uh she's not coming out I think
she's cross threaded in the first place
I think this may have been an inexpertly
assembled system that one's cross
threaded the standoff came out well
there's different types of screws in
every freaking hole here yeah so hold on
a second hold on a second that may have
been damaged beforehand see have a look
at this this is like mangled and that
would have been an installation this
actually Jordan Jordan buddy that's
me I don't think any of the traces are
actually broken no way look at the hang
on glasses off glasses the glasses are
coming off the some real Tech shit's
Happening Now boys the glasses are
[__]
off yeah those are good wow dude and
like you saw you saw how like bent and
mangled it
looked it's frowning now a little not
much I've seen way worse post you know
what probably saved it Jordan what
probably saved it is the corner it hit
on okay so if we look right the back
corner here there's your initial
impact so if it had gone down this way
yeah it would have ripped this pcie slot
open this way but the weight was on here
but the weight was on there the weight
came down toward the board and this is
one of those metal reinforced slots
which I always thought was just complete
marketing nonsense right we did see with
post Nord that did
break but speaking of armored and
reinforced
once again component armor comes to the
rescue I think this SSD is going to be
totally fine I don't see why not because
of that heat spreader I want to I want
to pop it out anyway let's have a look
at it
okay she looks fine good she looks fine
she's only a 512 gig drive but hey still
I'll take it dude this might work and
also even if those traces that are a
little bit mangled are dead cuz there's
one that looks like it might
be broken even if they're dead Jordan
This is literally a segmented off part
of the PCB that just handles onboard
sound yeah so we could still just use
the audio off of our HDMI port plug into
the headphone jack on our monitor we're
using a USB microphone anyway we're good
to go yeah there's no way Jordan I don't
even see any lights on this is all of
his stuff except for the video card
right now yes okay conductive on the
oxide code shut holy crap we got a light
shut up
you have got to be fing kidding
me hold on she's off she's back on holy
crap no I know I know I think she's I
think she's memory training holy [__] I
think oh my
goodness I cannot believe that
works no way also are you a filthy
cheater oh my what does cheat engine do
maybe it's perfectly innocent Hold On
tool design to help you modify single
player games without an internet
connection you can make them harder or
easier I think this might be okay give
him a pass I think this might be okay I
just wasn't familiar with the tool it
didn't have a great sounding name In
fairness to me I'm not going to dig any
deeper than this I'm not I don't want to
see your homework folder whatever you're
using microt torent for hear me out now
it's time for the final boss how do you
want to tackle this should we take the
cooler off try to straighten the cooler
try to straighten the GPU and reassemble
yeah okay okay let's do it let's do it I
think it's worth the try I mean
dude
yeah that's nuts hold
on that's my IO plate that'll buff out
there's definitely at least this one
connect oh it's okay uh well that it's
not quick grounded anymore but you know
that might slide back in there hold one
oh let's see if that's a non-essential
one he sent over this handy dandy
reference sheet so so just a second here
yeah we don't even need that one that's
a secondary HDMI all right let's
freaking go that one doesn't even work
if you use the DVI connector anyway okay
all right I don't like this severe Bend
that's a bad place for a Bend to happen
right down the memory here because these
uh these BGA chips um they're soldered
down to the board and those solder
joints can be quite brittle actually
here's what I'm thinking okay is we just
Chuck it in the slot and I just like put
my finger on it and see if the GPU warms
up okay if it does we kind of try to
bend it a little and we try and put the
cooler back on okay okay is the power
supply on no okay do
it it's warm but not like hot VGA
light's still on though going what the
hell have you done to me I think she's
but I don't think she's going to be able
to do it I think we do have to give her
a little Bend yeah the safer way to do
this would be to at the very least have
the card like warmed up a little bit
when we do it so it's not so brittle but
realistically we have so little to lose
that I think we're just going to kind of
go for it here dude if this thing fires
up I actually think I might just retire
there's no mountain left to climb
anymore I could never achieve
greater okay
dude that's pretty
flat whoa you're
right that's not whoa dude dude that to
go man dude that's not nearly as bad
that's way
better try it okay no no no no no no no
I'm going to straight I'm going to
straighten this I'm going to straighten
this and put it back on yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah no no that's the play
that's the play trust me trust me all
right trust me bro guarantee a quality
here I do want to have this on it this
time if we can what's the dealio here
though uh mainly your copper in here is
bent to hell
okay this right here is exactly what
makes our Precision screwdriver pretty
special because unlike other multibits
they have a longer blade so you can
reach just a little bit farther into
things without hitting the uh The Wider
part of the blade there we go so
unfortunately this is a really nicely
built card and this is an aluminum
shroud which means that um it's not just
going to kind of spring back into shape
it doesn't have that kind of memory but
it's malleable oh man this is this will
take a little bit of doing
though hi how you doing over there good
how you doing you know what how's the
video card I think what I would like to
do is do a quick Testo on this before we
put the fan on before we fight with that
thing yeah okay here we go at this point
no matter the outcome this is a Triumph
okay so she's off
now and she's going to try again she's
not going to try again she's just off
I'm going to try
again
yeah yep it's almost like you shouldn't
throw your computer off of a third story
balcony it's
almost like you should do the segue to
our
sponsor smile on your face Green Man
Gaming this holiday season cozy up and
get a few well- earned gaming sessions
in wait you don't know what games to
play good thing Green Man Gaming has the
answer with their holiday sale you can
save big on titles like hell divers 2
for 20% off metaphor ref fantasio for
33% off and the complete edition of
Final Fantasy 16 for 25% off even better
you can follow our link down below and
use code lmg holiday XP to instantly get
bumped up to the highest tier of their
loyalty program XP gold you can get
access to even more discounts and
exclusive giveaways all for free so do
yourself a favor grab a game and just
relax or create utter destruction on the
battlefield whatever works for you check
out Greenman Gaming's holiday sale using
our Link in the video description and
get a free XP gold membership by
upgrading your account with code lmg
holiday XP still an absolutely
incredible win we got a working CPU
Cooler Ram SSD
power supply pretty incredible if you
guys enjoyed this video maybe go check
out the one where the guy's uh PC got
damaged in shipping yeah Nord post we
also salvaged a ridiculous amount from
that one considering the condition it
was in